Updated Translation info (#2737)
Felienne/hedy: TRANSLATING.md

Now click on Dutch to reach the following screen:

![](image/TRANSLATING/1652369040371.png)

The components are shown again, but now with progress shown calculated for only Dutch. If you actually want to translate files for us, you have to register with Weblate.

Now, lets start looking at texts to translate.

Click on Adventures to reach this screen:

![](image/TRANSLATING/1652369170523.png)

Now you see an overview of this component. Little too much information maybe. Don't worry, just start with "Strings marked for edit". These are strings that have the English text in place of the translation or have been translated, but the source has changed. All texts start with the English source text, this way every text that has not been translated yet, is at least visible in English on the website.

If you're a little more expericend, you might want to try some of the texts that have specific checks failing.
At the right, you can choose between Translate or Zen.

If you choose for Translate for the Failing checks: Placeholders, you might see something like this:

![](image/TRANSLATING/1652370304289.png)

> Again, maybe a little too much information, but a lot is very helpfull. Browse a little through this info. There is info about texts in the neighborhood, or suggestons of computer translations. If you think this is too much info for now, you can choose for the Zen option which looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Again, maybe a little too much information, but a lot is very helpful. Browse a little through this info. There is info about texts in the vicinity, or suggestions of computer translations. If you think this is too much info for now, you can choose for the Zen option which looks like this:
```
